README.md, before:

[![tests](https://github.com/quartx-analytics/calllogger/actions/workflows/build-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/quartx-analytics/calllogger/actions/workflows/build-test.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/quartx-analytics/calllogger/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=AH0TIQ7F8V)](https://codecov.io/gh/quartx-analytics/calllogger)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c0d513f139aa33e2d4b6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/quartx-analytics/calllogger/maintainability)


Quartx Call Logger
==================

Call logger component for the Quartx phone system monitoring service. https://quartx.ie/

This logger can monitor phone systems for CDR(Call Data Records) and send the records to the monitoring service.
The monitoring frontend will then analyze the records and display them in a easy to view web interface.

Phone system support is done using plugins. The currently available plugins are:

* ``SiemensHipathSerial``: Add's support for the Siemens Hipath phone system, using the serial interface.
* ``Mock``: Generate random call records continuously.

This package is designed to be run within a containerized environment, for this we use docker.
The containerized image is built to work on linux/amd64 and linux/arm64.


Configuration
-------------

All the configuration is done through the docker command. Docker is configured through the command options and
the call logger is configured using environment variables.

Here is a list of command options that we will use to configure the docker container.

* ``--detach``: Tell docker to start in the background.
* ``--name "calllogger"``: Set the identifier name for the container.
* ``--volume="calllogger-data:/data"``: Create a docker data volume and mounts it into the container,
  this is required as containers are stateless.
* ``--restart=on-failure``: Tell docker to start on startup and restart the docker container if
  the program exits unexpectedly.
* ``--network host``: Give the container direct access to the network devices. This is required
  for device identification.
* ``--env "KEY=VALUE"``: Set environment variables to be used by the calllogger.
* ``--volume="/dev:/dev"``: Mounts all devices into the container. Required for serial port access.
* ``--privileged``: Run the container in privileged mode. This is required for device access to work.

If you do not need access to any serial device, you can omit the
``--volume="/dev:/dev`` and ``--privileged`` options.

Below is a list of environment variables that can be used to configure the calllogger.

* ``TIMEOUT``: Timeout in seconds to sleep between errors.
* ``TIMEOUT_DECAY``: Multiplier that increases the timeout on continuous errors.
* ``MAX_TIMEOUT``: The max the timeout can be after continuous decay.
* ``QUEUE_SIZE``: Size of the call queue.
* ``DEBUG``: Set to ``true`` to enable debug logging.

Some plugins also have their own set of configurations that can be set using environment variables.

```bash
-e "PLUGIN_<SETTING>=<VALUE>"
```

Deployment
----------

There is only one command required to install, configure and run the call logger.
Ensure that the path to the serial device is correct if using the SiemensHipathSerial plugin.

```bash
docker run --detach --name "calllogger" --privileged --volume="/dev:/dev" --volume="calllogger-data:/data" --restart=on-failure --network host ghcr.io/quartx-analytics/calllogger
```

Commit message:

fix issue with server spcifiying plugin

README.md, after:

[![tests](https://github.com/quartx-analytics/calllogger/actions/workflows/build-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/quartx-analytics/calllogger/actions/workflows/build-test.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/quartx-analytics/calllogger/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=AH0TIQ7F8V)](https://codecov.io/gh/quartx-analytics/calllogger)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c0d513f139aa33e2d4b6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/quartx-analytics/calllogger/maintainability)


Quartx Call Logger
==================

Call logger component for the Quartx phone system monitoring service. https://quartx.ie/

This logger can monitor phone systems for CDR(Call Data Records) and send the records to the monitoring service.
The monitoring frontend will then analyze the records and display them in a easy to view web interface.

Phone system support is done using plugins. The currently available plugins are:

* ``SiemensHipathSerial``: Add's support for the Siemens Hipath phone system, using the serial interface.
* ``Mock``: Generate random call records continuously.

This package is designed to be run within a containerized environment, for this we use docker.
The containerized image is built to work on linux/amd64 and linux/arm64.


Configuration
-------------

All the configuration is done through the docker command. Docker is configured through the command options and
the call logger is configured using environment variables.

Here is a list of command options that we will use to configure the docker container.

* ``--detach``: Tell docker to start in the background.
* ``--name "calllogger"``: Set the identifier name for the container.
* ``--volume="calllogger-data:/data"``: Create a docker data volume and mounts it into the container,
  this is required as containers are stateless.
* ``--restart=on-failure``: Tell docker to start on startup and restart the docker container if
  the program exits unexpectedly.
* ``--network host``: Give the container direct access to the network devices. This is required
  for device identification.
* ``--env "KEY=VALUE"``: Set environment variables to be used by the calllogger.
* ``--volume="/dev:/dev"``: Mounts all devices into the container. Required for serial port access.
* ``--privileged``: Run the container in privileged mode. This is required for device access to work.

If you do not need access to any serial device, you can omit the
``--volume="/dev:/dev`` and ``--privileged`` options.

Below is a list of environment variables that can be used to configure the calllogger.

* ``TIMEOUT``: Timeout in seconds to sleep between errors.
* ``TIMEOUT_DECAY``: Multiplier that increases the timeout on continuous errors.
* ``MAX_TIMEOUT``: The max the timeout can be after continuous decay.
* ``QUEUE_SIZE``: Size of the call queue.
* ``DEBUG``: Set to ``true`` to enable debug logging.

Some plugins also have their own set of configurations that can be set using environment variables.

```bash
-e "PLUGIN_<SETTING>=<VALUE>"
```

Deployment
----------

There is only one command required to install, configure and run the call logger.
The plugin that will be used is determined by the server, but can be overridden.

```bash
docker run --detach --name "calllogger" --privileged --volume="/dev:/dev" --volume="calllogger-data:/data" --restart=on-failure --network host ghcr.io/quartx-analytics/calllogger
```
